well look who's here on this fine day
we're making rise wanna play good one
little Elmo falsehoods Elmo loves to
rhyme rhyming words end in the same
sound let's play dig it if you want to
start the rhyme click on me hmm oh if
you want to finish the line click on
Elmo orange dog nest our little monster
Elmo
we're I'm whatever you choose click on
one of these things rhyme this the only
thing that rhymes with orange
hit it baby the only thing that rhymes
with orange
uh-huh is another yummy juicy orange
orange and orange smooth Ram baby wanna
play again I got the time if you make
the ran yeah let's do it again
Oh wrong click on Elmo this time you
start the ride click on me box goat bear
all right choose one of these things and
Elmo will rhyme it rhyme this hey now
look at this hip goat your turn
check out this hip goat who's wearing a
purple coat goat and cooked nice rhyming
everybody who want to play again I got
the time if you make the ran yeah let's
do it again
Elmo has to finish the room click on
Elmo let's start a rhyme together click
on me orange
take bear alright choose one of these
things and Elmo will rhyme it rhyme this
be careful not to drop your cake hit it
baby be careful not to drop your cake or
you might have to scoop it with a monk
turn and rank nice ramen everybody who
wanna play again I got the time if you
make the ran let's do it again click on
Elmo if you want to finish the room I
bet you can start a groovy rhyme click
on me
saxophone socks cat our little monster
Elmo we're on whatever you choose click
on one of these things rhyme this I love
to play my saxophone hit it baby
hutch loves to play his saxophone
saxophone oh and Elmo loves to eat an
ice cream cone special phone and ice
cream cone smooth Ram baby wanna play
again I got the time if you make the ran
yeah let's do it again
ohh wrong click on hello this time you
start the ride click on me bear dog cat
a little monster Elmo we're on whatever
you choose click on one of these things
rhyme this the cool calico cat hit it
baby
cool calico cat hmm oh it's a sleep and
almost hot hot and hot smooth Ram baby
wanna play again I got the time if you
make the ran
let's do it again click on Elmo if you
want to finish the line I bet you can
start a groovy rhyme click on me
goat fan saxophone alright
choose one of these things and Elmo will
rhyme it rhyme this I hope that goat
doesn't eat my fan your turn
Emma hopes that goat doesn't eat his fan
hey mr. cult is this turn can fan and
can smooth Ram baby wanna play again I
got the time if you make the ran let's
do it again
Elmo has to finish the rhyme click on
Elmo let's start around together click
on me Tok rhyme this be careful not to
drop your cake click or nothing that
rhymes with cake look can orange let's
listen be careful not to drop your tank
or you might have to scoop it with a
right turn and rank smooth Ram baby
wanna play again I got the time if you
make the ran yeah let's do it again
click on Elmo if you want to finish the
line hmm rhyme this have you ever seen a
bear click on nothing that rhymes with
yeah sure mr. Fox town let's try it
have you ever seen a bear who was
sitting in a chair yeah and chill smooth
Ram baby
what a play again I got the time if you
make the RAM
let's do it again Oh wrong click on Elmo
this time you start the round click on
me don't rhyme this hey now look at this
hip goat click on a thing that rhymes
with don't mr. Fox but soon ok
check out this hip goat who's riding in
a boat don't and barked smooth Ram baby
wanna play again I got the time if you
make the ran let's do it again
Elmo has to finish the room click on
Elmo let's start around together click
on me poke rhyme this be careful not to
drop your cake click on nothing that
rhymes with pink wig sure Rick